docs-partials/builder/qemu/Config-not-required.mdx, before:

<!-- Code generated from the comments of the Config struct in builder/qemu/config.go; DO NOT EDIT MANUALLY -->

- `iso_skip_cache` (bool) - Use iso from provided url. Qemu must support
  curl block device. This defaults to `false`.

- `accelerator` (string) - The accelerator type to use when running the VM.
  This may be `none`, `kvm`, `tcg`, `hax`, `hvf`, `whpx`, or `xen`. The appropriate
  software must have already been installed on your build machine to use the
  accelerator you specified. When no accelerator is specified, Packer will try
  to use `kvm` if it is available but will default to `tcg` otherwise.
  
  ~> The `hax` accelerator has issues attaching CDROM ISOs. This is an
  upstream issue which can be tracked
  [here](https://github.com/intel/haxm/issues/20).
  
  ~> The `hvf` and `whpx` accelerator are new and experimental as of
  [QEMU 2.12.0](https://wiki.qemu.org/ChangeLog/2.12#Host_support).
  You may encounter issues unrelated to Packer when using these.  You may need to
  add [ "-global", "virtio-pci.disable-modern=on" ] to `qemuargs` depending on the
  guest operating system.
  
  ~> For `whpx`, note that [Stefan Weil's QEMU for Windows distribution](https://qemu.weilnetz.de/w64/)
  does not include WHPX support and users may need to compile or source a
  build of QEMU for Windows themselves with WHPX support.

- `disk_additional_size` ([]string) - Additional disks to create. Uses `vm_name` as the disk name template and
  appends `-#` where `#` is the position in the array. `#` starts at 1 since 0
  is the default disk. Each string represents the disk image size in bytes.
  Optional suffixes 'k' or 'K' (kilobyte, 1024), 'M' (megabyte, 1024k), 'G'
  (gigabyte, 1024M), 'T' (terabyte, 1024G), 'P' (petabyte, 1024T) and 'E'
  (exabyte, 1024P)  are supported. 'b' is ignored. Per qemu-img documentation.
  Each additional disk uses the same disk parameters as the default disk.
  Unset by default.

- `cpus` (int) - The number of cpus to use when building the VM.
   The default is `1` CPU.

- `firmware` (string) - The firmware file to be used by QEMU, which is to be set by the -bios
  option of QEMU. Particularly, this option can be set to use EFI instead
  of BIOS, by using "OVMF.fd" from OpenFirmware.
  If unset, no -bios option is passed to QEMU, using the default of QEMU.
  Also see the QEMU documentation.

- `disk_interface` (string) - The interface to use for the disk. Allowed values include any of `ide`,
  `scsi`, `virtio` or `virtio-scsi`^\*. Note also that any boot commands
  or kickstart type scripts must have proper adjustments for resulting
  device names. The Qemu builder uses `virtio` by default.
  
  ^\* Please be aware that use of the `scsi` disk interface has been
  disabled by Red Hat due to a bug described
  [here](https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1019220). If you are
  running Qemu on RHEL or a RHEL variant such as CentOS, you *must* choose
  one of the other listed interfaces. Using the `scsi` interface under
  these circumstances will cause the build to fail.

- `disk_size` (string) - The size in bytes of the hard disk of the VM. Suffix with the first
  letter of common byte types. Use "k" or "K" for kilobytes, "M" for
  megabytes, G for gigabytes, and T for terabytes. If no value is provided
  for disk_size, Packer uses a default of `40960M` (40 GB). If a disk_size
  number is provided with no units, Packer will default to Megabytes.

- `skip_resize_disk` (bool) - Packer resizes the QCOW2 image using
  qemu-img resize.  Set this option to true to disable resizing.
  Defaults to false.

- `disk_cache` (string) - The cache mode to use for disk. Allowed values include any of
  `writethrough`, `writeback`, `none`, `unsafe` or `directsync`. By
  default, this is set to `writeback`.

- `disk_discard` (string) - The discard mode to use for disk. Allowed values
  include any of unmap or ignore. By default, this is set to ignore.

- `disk_detect_zeroes` (string) - The detect-zeroes mode to use for disk.
  Allowed values include any of unmap, on or off. Defaults to off.
  When the value is "off" we don't set the flag in the qemu command, so that
  Packer still works with old versions of QEMU that don't have this option.

- `skip_compaction` (bool) - Packer compacts the QCOW2 image using
  qemu-img convert.  Set this option to true to disable compacting.
  Defaults to false.

- `disk_compression` (bool) - Apply compression to the QCOW2 disk file
  using qemu-img convert. Defaults to false.

- `format` (string) - Either `qcow2` or `raw`, this specifies the output format of the virtual
  machine image. This defaults to `qcow2`. Due to a long-standing bug with
  `qemu-img convert` on OSX, sometimes the qemu-img convert call will
  create a corrupted image. If this is an issue for you, make sure that the
  the output format matches the input file's format, and Packer will
  perform a simple copy operation instead. See
  https://bugs.launchpad.net/qemu/+bug/1776920 for more details.

- `headless` (bool) - Packer defaults to building QEMU virtual machines by
  launching a GUI that shows the console of the machine being built. When this
  value is set to `true`, the machine will start without a console.
  
  You can still see the console if you make a note of the VNC display
  number chosen, and then connect using `vncviewer -Shared <host>:<display>`

- `disk_image` (bool) - Packer defaults to building from an ISO file, this parameter controls
  whether the ISO URL supplied is actually a bootable QEMU image. When
  this value is set to `true`, the machine will either clone the source or
  use it as a backing file (if `use_backing_file` is `true`); then, it
  will resize the image according to `disk_size` and boot it.

- `use_backing_file` (bool) - Only applicable when disk_image is true
  and format is qcow2, set this option to true to create a new QCOW2
  file that uses the file located at iso_url as a backing file. The new file
  will only contain blocks that have changed compared to the backing file, so
  enabling this option can significantly reduce disk usage. If true, Packer
  will force the `skip_compaction` also to be true as well to skip disk
  conversion which would render the backing file feature useless.

- `machine_type` (string) - The type of machine emulation to use. Run your qemu binary with the
  flags `-machine help` to list available types for your system. This
  defaults to `pc`.

- `memory` (int) - The amount of memory to use when building the VM
  in megabytes. This defaults to 512 megabytes.

- `net_device` (string) - The driver to use for the network interface. Allowed values `ne2k_pci`,
  `i82551`, `i82557b`, `i82559er`, `rtl8139`, `e1000`, `pcnet`, `virtio`,
  `virtio-net`, `virtio-net-pci`, `usb-net`, `i82559a`, `i82559b`,
  `i82559c`, `i82550`, `i82562`, `i82557a`, `i82557c`, `i82801`,
  `vmxnet3`, `i82558a` or `i82558b`. The Qemu builder uses `virtio-net` by
  default.

- `net_bridge` (string) - Connects the network to this bridge instead of using the user mode
  networking.
  
  **NB** This bridge must already exist. You can use the `virbr0` bridge
  as created by vagrant-libvirt.
  
  **NB** This will automatically enable the QMP socket (see QMPEnable).
  
  **NB** This only works in Linux based OSes.

- `output_directory` (string) - This is the path to the directory where the
  resulting virtual machine will be created. This may be relative or absolute.
  If relative, the path is relative to the working directory when packer
  is executed. This directory must not exist or be empty prior to running
  the builder. By default this is output-BUILDNAME where "BUILDNAME" is the
  name of the build.

- `qemuargs` ([][]string) - Allows complete control over the qemu command line (though not qemu-img).
  Each array of strings makes up a command line switch
  that overrides matching default switch/value pairs. Any value specified
  as an empty string is ignored. All values after the switch are
  concatenated with no separator.
  
  ~> **Warning:** The qemu command line allows extreme flexibility, so
  beware of conflicting arguments causing failures of your run.
  For instance adding a "--drive" or "--device" override will mean that
  none of the default configuration Packer sets will be used. To see the
  defaults that Packer sets, look in your packer.log
  file (set PACKER_LOG=1 to get verbose logging) and search for the
  qemu-system-x86 command. The arguments are all printed for review, and
  you can use those arguments along with the template engines allowed
  by qemu-args to set up a working configuration that includes both the
  Packer defaults and your extra arguments.
  
  Another pitfall could be setting arguments like --no-acpi, which could
  break the ability to send power signal type commands
  (e.g., shutdown -P now) to the virtual machine, thus preventing proper
  shutdown.
  
  The following shows a sample usage:
  
  In JSON:
  ```json
    "qemuargs": [
      [ "-m", "1024M" ],
      [ "--no-acpi", "" ],
      [
        "-netdev",
        "user,id=mynet0,",
        "hostfwd=hostip:hostport-guestip:guestport",
        ""
      ],
      [ "-device", "virtio-net,netdev=mynet0" ]
    ]
  ```
  
  In HCL2:
  ```hcl
    qemuargs = [
      [ "-m", "1024M" ],
      [ "--no-acpi", "" ],
      [
        "-netdev",
        "user,id=mynet0,",
        "hostfwd=hostip:hostport-guestip:guestport",
        ""
      ],
      [ "-device", "virtio-net,netdev=mynet0" ]
    ]
  ```
  
  would produce the following (not including other defaults supplied by
  the builder and not otherwise conflicting with the qemuargs):
  
  ```text
  qemu-system-x86 -m 1024m --no-acpi -netdev
  user,id=mynet0,hostfwd=hostip:hostport-guestip:guestport -device
  virtio-net,netdev=mynet0"
  ```
  
  ~> **Windows Users:** [QEMU for Windows](https://qemu.weilnetz.de/)
  builds are available though an environmental variable does need to be
  set for QEMU for Windows to redirect stdout to the console instead of
  stdout.txt.
  
  The following shows the environment variable that needs to be set for
  Windows QEMU support:
  
  ```text
  setx SDL_STDIO_REDIRECT=0
  ```
  
  You can also use the `SSHHostPort` template variable to produce a packer
  template that can be invoked by `make` in parallel:
  
  In JSON:
  ```json
    "qemuargs": [
      [ "-netdev", "user,hostfwd=tcp::{{ .SSHHostPort }}-:22,id=forward"],
      [ "-device", "virtio-net,netdev=forward,id=net0"]
    ]
  ```
  
  In HCL2:
  ```hcl
    qemuargs = [
      [ "-netdev", "user,hostfwd=tcp::{{ .SSHHostPort }}-:22,id=forward"],
      [ "-device", "virtio-net,netdev=forward,id=net0"]
    ]
  
  `make -j 3 my-awesome-packer-templates` spawns 3 packer processes, each
  of which will bind to their own SSH port as determined by each process.
  This will also work with WinRM, just change the port forward in
  `qemuargs` to map to WinRM's default port of `5985` or whatever value
  you have the service set to listen on.
  
  This is a template engine and allows access to the following variables:
  `{{ .HTTPIP }}`, `{{ .HTTPPort }}`, `{{ .HTTPDir }}`,
  `{{ .OutputDir }}`, `{{ .Name }}`, and `{{ .SSHHostPort }}`

- `qemu_img_args` (QemuImgArgs) - A map of custom arguments to pass to qemu-img commands, where the key
  is the subcommand, and the values are lists of strings for each flag.
  Example:
  
  In HCL:
  ```hcl
  qemu_img_args {
   convert = ["-o", "preallocation=full"]
   resize  = ["-foo", "bar"]
  }
  ```
  In JSON:
  ```json
  {
   "qemu_img_args": {
     "convert": ["-o", "preallocation=full"],
  	  "resize": ["-foo", "bar"]
   }
  ```
  Please note
  that unlike qemuargs, these commands are not split into switch-value
  sub-arrays, because the basic elements in qemu-img calls are  unlikely
  to need an actual override.
  The arguments will be constructed as follows:
  - Convert:
  	Default is `qemu-img convert -O $format $sourcepath $targetpath`. Adding
  	arguments ["-foo", "bar"] to qemu_img_args.convert will change this to
  	`qemu-img convert -foo bar -O $format $sourcepath $targetpath`
  - Create:
  	Default is `create -f $format $targetpath $size`. Adding arguments
  	["-foo", "bar"] to qemu_img_args.create will change this to
  	"create -f qcow2 -foo bar target.qcow2 1234M"
  - Resize:
  	Default is `qemu-img resize -f $format $sourcepath $size`. Adding
  	arguments ["-foo", "bar"] to qemu_img_args.resize will change this to
  	`qemu-img resize -f $format -foo bar $sourcepath $size`

- `qemu_binary` (string) - The name of the Qemu binary to look for. This
  defaults to qemu-system-x86_64, but may need to be changed for
  some platforms. For example qemu-kvm, or qemu-system-i386 may be a
  better choice for some systems.

- `qmp_enable` (bool) - Enable QMP socket. Location is specified by `qmp_socket_path`. Defaults
  to false.

- `qmp_socket_path` (string) - QMP Socket Path when `qmp_enable` is true. Defaults to
  `output_directory`/`vm_name`.monitor.

- `use_default_display` (bool) - If true, do not pass a -display option
  to qemu, allowing it to choose the default. This may be needed when running
  under macOS, and getting errors about sdl not being available.

- `display` (string) - What QEMU -display option to use. Defaults to gtk, use none to not pass the
  -display option allowing QEMU to choose the default. This may be needed when
  running under macOS, and getting errors about sdl not being available.

- `vnc_bind_address` (string) - The IP address that should be
  binded to for VNC. By default packer will use 127.0.0.1 for this. If you
  wish to bind to all interfaces use 0.0.0.0.

- `vnc_use_password` (bool) - Whether or not to set a password on the VNC server. This option
  automatically enables the QMP socket. See `qmp_socket_path`. Defaults to
  `false`.

- `vnc_port_min` (int) - The minimum and maximum port
  to use for VNC access to the virtual machine. The builder uses VNC to type
  the initial boot_command. Because Packer generally runs in parallel,
  Packer uses a randomly chosen port in this range that appears available. By
  default this is 5900 to 6000. The minimum and maximum ports are inclusive.
  The minimum port cannot be set below 5900 due to a quirk in how QEMU parses
  vnc display address.

- `vnc_port_max` (int) - VNC Port Max

- `vm_name` (string) - This is the name of the image (QCOW2 or IMG) file for
  the new virtual machine. By default this is packer-BUILDNAME, where
  "BUILDNAME" is the name of the build. Currently, no file extension will be
  used unless it is specified in this option.

- `cdrom_interface` (string) - The interface to use for the CDROM device which contains the ISO image.
  Allowed values include any of `ide`, `scsi`, `virtio` or
  `virtio-scsi`. The Qemu builder uses `virtio` by default.
  Some ARM64 images require `virtio-scsi`.

<!-- End of code generated from the comments of the Config struct in builder/qemu/config.go; -->

Commit message:

Support ova and archive with many disks

docs-partials/builder/qemu/Config-not-required.mdx, after:

<!-- Code generated from the comments of the Config struct in builder/qemu/config.go; DO NOT EDIT MANUALLY -->

- `many_files` (bool) - Specify if the file containing many files to extract

- `iso_skip_cache` (bool) - Use iso from provided url. Qemu must support
  curl block device. This defaults to `false`.

- `accelerator` (string) - The accelerator type to use when running the VM.
  This may be `none`, `kvm`, `tcg`, `hax`, `hvf`, `whpx`, or `xen`. The appropriate
  software must have already been installed on your build machine to use the
  accelerator you specified. When no accelerator is specified, Packer will try
  to use `kvm` if it is available but will default to `tcg` otherwise.
  
  ~> The `hax` accelerator has issues attaching CDROM ISOs. This is an
  upstream issue which can be tracked
  [here](https://github.com/intel/haxm/issues/20).
  
  ~> The `hvf` and `whpx` accelerator are new and experimental as of
  [QEMU 2.12.0](https://wiki.qemu.org/ChangeLog/2.12#Host_support).
  You may encounter issues unrelated to Packer when using these.  You may need to
  add [ "-global", "virtio-pci.disable-modern=on" ] to `qemuargs` depending on the
  guest operating system.
  
  ~> For `whpx`, note that [Stefan Weil's QEMU for Windows distribution](https://qemu.weilnetz.de/w64/)
  does not include WHPX support and users may need to compile or source a
  build of QEMU for Windows themselves with WHPX support.

- `disk_additional_size` ([]string) - Additional disks to create. Uses `vm_name` as the disk name template and
  appends `-#` where `#` is the position in the array. `#` starts at 1 since 0
  is the default disk. Each string represents the disk image size in bytes.
  Optional suffixes 'k' or 'K' (kilobyte, 1024), 'M' (megabyte, 1024k), 'G'
  (gigabyte, 1024M), 'T' (terabyte, 1024G), 'P' (petabyte, 1024T) and 'E'
  (exabyte, 1024P)  are supported. 'b' is ignored. Per qemu-img documentation.
  Each additional disk uses the same disk parameters as the default disk.
  Unset by default.

- `cpus` (int) - The number of cpus to use when building the VM.
   The default is `1` CPU.

- `firmware` (string) - The firmware file to be used by QEMU, which is to be set by the -bios
  option of QEMU. Particularly, this option can be set to use EFI instead
  of BIOS, by using "OVMF.fd" from OpenFirmware.
  If unset, no -bios option is passed to QEMU, using the default of QEMU.
  Also see the QEMU documentation.

- `disk_interface` (string) - The interface to use for the disk. Allowed values include any of `ide`,
  `scsi`, `virtio` or `virtio-scsi`^\*. Note also that any boot commands
  or kickstart type scripts must have proper adjustments for resulting
  device names. The Qemu builder uses `virtio` by default.
  
  ^\* Please be aware that use of the `scsi` disk interface has been
  disabled by Red Hat due to a bug described
  [here](https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1019220). If you are
  running Qemu on RHEL or a RHEL variant such as CentOS, you *must* choose
  one of the other listed interfaces. Using the `scsi` interface under
  these circumstances will cause the build to fail.

- `disk_size` (string) - The size in bytes of the hard disk of the VM. Suffix with the first
  letter of common byte types. Use "k" or "K" for kilobytes, "M" for
  megabytes, G for gigabytes, and T for terabytes. If no value is provided
  for disk_size, Packer uses a default of `40960M` (40 GB). If a disk_size
  number is provided with no units, Packer will default to Megabytes.

- `skip_resize_disk` (bool) - Packer resizes the QCOW2 image using
  qemu-img resize.  Set this option to true to disable resizing.
  Defaults to false.

- `disk_cache` (string) - The cache mode to use for disk. Allowed values include any of
  `writethrough`, `writeback`, `none`, `unsafe` or `directsync`. By
  default, this is set to `writeback`.

- `disk_discard` (string) - The discard mode to use for disk. Allowed values
  include any of unmap or ignore. By default, this is set to ignore.

- `disk_detect_zeroes` (string) - The detect-zeroes mode to use for disk.
  Allowed values include any of unmap, on or off. Defaults to off.
  When the value is "off" we don't set the flag in the qemu command, so that
  Packer still works with old versions of QEMU that don't have this option.

- `skip_compaction` (bool) - Packer compacts the QCOW2 image using
  qemu-img convert.  Set this option to true to disable compacting.
  Defaults to false.

- `disk_compression` (bool) - Apply compression to the QCOW2 disk file
  using qemu-img convert. Defaults to false.

- `format` (string) - Either `qcow2` or `raw`, this specifies the output format of the virtual
  machine image. This defaults to `qcow2`. Due to a long-standing bug with
  `qemu-img convert` on OSX, sometimes the qemu-img convert call will
  create a corrupted image. If this is an issue for you, make sure that the
  the output format matches the input file's format, and Packer will
  perform a simple copy operation instead. See
  https://bugs.launchpad.net/qemu/+bug/1776920 for more details.

- `headless` (bool) - Packer defaults to building QEMU virtual machines by
  launching a GUI that shows the console of the machine being built. When this
  value is set to `true`, the machine will start without a console.
  
  You can still see the console if you make a note of the VNC display
  number chosen, and then connect using `vncviewer -Shared <host>:<display>`

- `disks_order` ([]string) - When `iso_url` is a archive containing many disks, `disks_order` specifies
  the disks order to use. When `iso_url` is a simple file (compressing or not),
  the first element of`disks_order` specifies the name of disk.

- `disk_image` (bool) - Packer defaults to building from an ISO file, this parameter controls
  whether the ISO URL supplied is actually a bootable QEMU image. When
  this value is set to `true`, the machine will either clone the source or
  use it as a backing file (if `use_backing_file` is `true`); then, it
  will resize the image according to `disk_size` and boot it.

- `use_backing_file` (bool) - Only applicable when disk_image is true
  and format is qcow2, set this option to true to create a new QCOW2
  file that uses the file located at iso_url as a backing file. The new file
  will only contain blocks that have changed compared to the backing file, so
  enabling this option can significantly reduce disk usage. If true, Packer
  will force the `skip_compaction` also to be true as well to skip disk
  conversion which would render the backing file feature useless.

- `machine_type` (string) - The type of machine emulation to use. Run your qemu binary with the
  flags `-machine help` to list available types for your system. This
  defaults to `pc`.

- `memory` (int) - The amount of memory to use when building the VM
  in megabytes. This defaults to 512 megabytes.

- `net_device` (string) - The driver to use for the network interface. Allowed values `ne2k_pci`,
  `i82551`, `i82557b`, `i82559er`, `rtl8139`, `e1000`, `pcnet`, `virtio`,
  `virtio-net`, `virtio-net-pci`, `usb-net`, `i82559a`, `i82559b`,
  `i82559c`, `i82550`, `i82562`, `i82557a`, `i82557c`, `i82801`,
  `vmxnet3`, `i82558a` or `i82558b`. The Qemu builder uses `virtio-net` by
  default.

- `net_bridge` (string) - Connects the network to this bridge instead of using the user mode
  networking.
  
  **NB** This bridge must already exist. You can use the `virbr0` bridge
  as created by vagrant-libvirt.
  
  **NB** This will automatically enable the QMP socket (see QMPEnable).
  
  **NB** This only works in Linux based OSes.

- `output_directory` (string) - This is the path to the directory where the
  resulting virtual machine will be created. This may be relative or absolute.
  If relative, the path is relative to the working directory when packer
  is executed. This directory must not exist or be empty prior to running
  the builder. By default this is output-BUILDNAME where "BUILDNAME" is the
  name of the build.

- `qemuargs` ([][]string) - Allows complete control over the qemu command line (though not qemu-img).
  Each array of strings makes up a command line switch
  that overrides matching default switch/value pairs. Any value specified
  as an empty string is ignored. All values after the switch are
  concatenated with no separator.
  
  ~> **Warning:** The qemu command line allows extreme flexibility, so
  beware of conflicting arguments causing failures of your run.
  For instance adding a "--drive" or "--device" override will mean that
  none of the default configuration Packer sets will be used. To see the
  defaults that Packer sets, look in your packer.log
  file (set PACKER_LOG=1 to get verbose logging) and search for the
  qemu-system-x86 command. The arguments are all printed for review, and
  you can use those arguments along with the template engines allowed
  by qemu-args to set up a working configuration that includes both the
  Packer defaults and your extra arguments.
  
  Another pitfall could be setting arguments like --no-acpi, which could
  break the ability to send power signal type commands
  (e.g., shutdown -P now) to the virtual machine, thus preventing proper
  shutdown.
  
  The following shows a sample usage:
  
  In JSON:
  ```json
    "qemuargs": [
      [ "-m", "1024M" ],
      [ "--no-acpi", "" ],
      [
        "-netdev",
        "user,id=mynet0,",
        "hostfwd=hostip:hostport-guestip:guestport",
        ""
      ],
      [ "-device", "virtio-net,netdev=mynet0" ]
    ]
  ```
  
  In HCL2:
  ```hcl
    qemuargs = [
      [ "-m", "1024M" ],
      [ "--no-acpi", "" ],
      [
        "-netdev",
        "user,id=mynet0,",
        "hostfwd=hostip:hostport-guestip:guestport",
        ""
      ],
      [ "-device", "virtio-net,netdev=mynet0" ]
    ]
  ```
  
  would produce the following (not including other defaults supplied by
  the builder and not otherwise conflicting with the qemuargs):
  
  ```text
  qemu-system-x86 -m 1024m --no-acpi -netdev
  user,id=mynet0,hostfwd=hostip:hostport-guestip:guestport -device
  virtio-net,netdev=mynet0"
  ```
  
  ~> **Windows Users:** [QEMU for Windows](https://qemu.weilnetz.de/)
  builds are available though an environmental variable does need to be
  set for QEMU for Windows to redirect stdout to the console instead of
  stdout.txt.
  
  The following shows the environment variable that needs to be set for
  Windows QEMU support:
  
  ```text
  setx SDL_STDIO_REDIRECT=0
  ```
  
  You can also use the `SSHHostPort` template variable to produce a packer
  template that can be invoked by `make` in parallel:
  
  In JSON:
  ```json
    "qemuargs": [
      [ "-netdev", "user,hostfwd=tcp::{{ .SSHHostPort }}-:22,id=forward"],
      [ "-device", "virtio-net,netdev=forward,id=net0"]
    ]
  ```
  
  In HCL2:
  ```hcl
    qemuargs = [
      [ "-netdev", "user,hostfwd=tcp::{{ .SSHHostPort }}-:22,id=forward"],
      [ "-device", "virtio-net,netdev=forward,id=net0"]
    ]
  
  `make -j 3 my-awesome-packer-templates` spawns 3 packer processes, each
  of which will bind to their own SSH port as determined by each process.
  This will also work with WinRM, just change the port forward in
  `qemuargs` to map to WinRM's default port of `5985` or whatever value
  you have the service set to listen on.
  
  This is a template engine and allows access to the following variables:
  `{{ .HTTPIP }}`, `{{ .HTTPPort }}`, `{{ .HTTPDir }}`,
  `{{ .OutputDir }}`, `{{ .Name }}`, and `{{ .SSHHostPort }}`

- `qemu_img_args` (QemuImgArgs) - A map of custom arguments to pass to qemu-img commands, where the key
  is the subcommand, and the values are lists of strings for each flag.
  Example:
  
  In HCL:
  ```hcl
  qemu_img_args {
   convert = ["-o", "preallocation=full"]
   resize  = ["-foo", "bar"]
  }
  ```
  In JSON:
  ```json
  {
   "qemu_img_args": {
     "convert": ["-o", "preallocation=full"],
  	  "resize": ["-foo", "bar"]
   }
  ```
  Please note
  that unlike qemuargs, these commands are not split into switch-value
  sub-arrays, because the basic elements in qemu-img calls are  unlikely
  to need an actual override.
  The arguments will be constructed as follows:
  - Convert:
  	Default is `qemu-img convert -O $format $sourcepath $targetpath`. Adding
  	arguments ["-foo", "bar"] to qemu_img_args.convert will change this to
  	`qemu-img convert -foo bar -O $format $sourcepath $targetpath`
  - Create:
  	Default is `create -f $format $targetpath $size`. Adding arguments
  	["-foo", "bar"] to qemu_img_args.create will change this to
  	"create -f qcow2 -foo bar target.qcow2 1234M"
  - Resize:
  	Default is `qemu-img resize -f $format $sourcepath $size`. Adding
  	arguments ["-foo", "bar"] to qemu_img_args.resize will change this to
  	`qemu-img resize -f $format -foo bar $sourcepath $size`

- `qemu_binary` (string) - The name of the Qemu binary to look for. This
  defaults to qemu-system-x86_64, but may need to be changed for
  some platforms. For example qemu-kvm, or qemu-system-i386 may be a
  better choice for some systems.

- `qmp_enable` (bool) - Enable QMP socket. Location is specified by `qmp_socket_path`. Defaults
  to false.

- `qmp_socket_path` (string) - QMP Socket Path when `qmp_enable` is true. Defaults to
  `output_directory`/`vm_name`.monitor.

- `use_default_display` (bool) - If true, do not pass a -display option
  to qemu, allowing it to choose the default. This may be needed when running
  under macOS, and getting errors about sdl not being available.

- `display` (string) - What QEMU -display option to use. Defaults to gtk, use none to not pass the
  -display option allowing QEMU to choose the default. This may be needed when
  running under macOS, and getting errors about sdl not being available.

- `vnc_bind_address` (string) - The IP address that should be
  binded to for VNC. By default packer will use 127.0.0.1 for this. If you
  wish to bind to all interfaces use 0.0.0.0.

- `vnc_use_password` (bool) - Whether or not to set a password on the VNC server. This option
  automatically enables the QMP socket. See `qmp_socket_path`. Defaults to
  `false`.

- `vnc_port_min` (int) - The minimum and maximum port
  to use for VNC access to the virtual machine. The builder uses VNC to type
  the initial boot_command. Because Packer generally runs in parallel,
  Packer uses a randomly chosen port in this range that appears available. By
  default this is 5900 to 6000. The minimum and maximum ports are inclusive.
  The minimum port cannot be set below 5900 due to a quirk in how QEMU parses
  vnc display address.

- `vnc_port_max` (int) - VNC Port Max

- `vm_name` (string) - This is the name of the image (QCOW2 or IMG) file for
  the new virtual machine. By default this is packer-BUILDNAME, where
  "BUILDNAME" is the name of the build. Currently, no file extension will be
  used unless it is specified in this option.

- `cdrom_interface` (string) - The interface to use for the CDROM device which contains the ISO image.
  Allowed values include any of `ide`, `scsi`, `virtio` or
  `virtio-scsi`. The Qemu builder uses `virtio` by default.
  Some ARM64 images require `virtio-scsi`.

<!-- End of code generated from the comments of the Config struct in builder/qemu/config.go; -->
